I also got a bear production rounded
another headset review today these are
on the Air Force p20 ones made by Turtle
Beach this is a wired headset for the
ps3 console the wired part is actually
around 10 feet it's very long wire you
have your to piggyback connectors which
puts your TV and you have your USB on
this goes into the ps3 for power um if
you go up to the wire where the headset
are you have your amplifier and this is
basically your control box um besides
your base right here base and you have
your expander keep that on how you have
your mute and then on the other side you
have your chat right here then right
here at every game volume you can adjust
there's some wheels as you can see this
has LEDs in it to tell you I'm your chat
boost is on and yeah if your mics unmute
it or not which are like I modem you can
see this but they're located right here
it's probably can't pick that up anyways
I'm the USB on this headset is very
short it's about as the same size of the
piggy backs um so what throw beach did
because they're so nice to us is that
they included and expand or a USB
expander what that means is that you
could just take it and plug it in and
then you have a three-foot extension to
your USB which for me that came in lots
of came in handy because my ps3 is not
right next to my TV so that is a great
that they included that with the package
so now back to the the p21 headset these
are about ninety dollars I bestbuy made
by Turtle Beach like I said so now i'm
going to go over some pros the props
from the pros on this is that they have
great sound quality i mean you'd expect
that from turtle beach if you use their
latest products they have a really good
Mike actually it picks up very nicely so
people say that's not adjustable but
really I mean you can make an elephant
with this if you just really wanted to
UM the only thing that's a kind of a con
to this couple things is that this has a
mesh your cup as you can see some mesh
and it what it means is that perforated
holes turtle beach claims that it makes
your ears breathe a little bit more I
where the big x 4's and I do not feel a
difference with these um all I could say
is that if I do comparison to the X
pours it's that these are no more circle
and these are awful as you can see these
are velvet these are mesh I like the
velvet and you see these are very thick
these are and they're all right I guess
and like i said the comparison with the
mics is look at that that's what such a
scheme my quitting with the mica theme
this one's a nice big long one piece
Mike would I kind of prefer over the
standard little Mike um you cannot
remove this Mike like the turtle beach x
40 move the mic on these do feel a
little bit cheap than not the plastics
not the best quality they're really
glossy and it really get a lot of
fingerprints on the headband that
doesn't say turtle beach that kind of
disappointed me because you'd expect
that like on the x x 4's it says turtle
beach these dog um they are comfortable
though i'll give you that it's just the
mesh kinda i don't like it then drown
out the sound the outside sound as much
as the explorer's but it's nice is is
see they fold so if you have them on
your neck there's a camera us a little
bit if you have them on your neck like
so you can fold them hold them down like
that and on the turtle beach x scores
they just don't fold like that they
don't turn that way so it's just kind of
approach to these 320 ones which they
kind of incorporated that i'm just like
the new versions of the x 4's and
expertise for xbox is it like i said
it's the
these have excellent sound quality I
mean superior to anything else could
play with um like I said Toby's the
people you got to go to very good
headset they do have 40 millimeter
speakers in them and the x 4's that are
paying an extra hard box i guess they
just give you 50 but these sounds very
nice very professional I really can't
say anything bad about them you know 400
bucks is what you know it's pretty good
alright guys thank you for watching this
review and rate comment subscribe thanks
Liz